+++
title = "Spring Cleaning 2018 Newsletter"
date = 2018-05-09T17:12:31-07:00
draft = true

# Tags and categories
# For example, use `tags = []` for no tags, or the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []
categories = []

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++
Hello, I worked on your computer in the past and you asked me to email you on updates to my services and provide solutions to your technological life. If you have an issue that you don't have time to address call me and I can help you at 707-536-1527 or you can email me from my signature below.


Topics for the spring that might help you with getting ready for summer:

## Windows 10 Lifebuoy Class

On Saturday June 2nd at the Share Space in Santa Rosa 533 5th Street I will be holding a class on the basics of Windows 10.
I will be covering the basic desktop features like what is the start menu, task bar and system tray. The class is free, and questions will be taken at the end of this 1 hour class. if you have questions you can contact me at 707-536-1527 or email me from my signature below.

## Clearing Duplicate Photos using DupGuru
## Password Management across your desktop/laptop and mobile devices with Enpass.
## Keep Track of customer interactions using Contact Journal for the Mac and iPad
If you own a Mac and want to keep track of interactions with customers without having to use a complicated system like Sales Force, Contact Journal seems to fit the bill
